---
layout:     post
title:      My breakup with BTS, leaving the ARMY fandom.
date:       2020-0
summary:    
categories:  
tags: 
---

So today I cleared out the little BTS photo shrine from my study shelf. It was just a bunch of their photos held together by hella cute paper clips that were laid out for me to look at and smile, anytime I wanted to. And today, I decided, they had to go. So I packed them into the pouch they came in with the Army Bomb(a custom-made light stick for our BTS fandom).

So in case you are wondering, what is a BTS? Here’s a short summary of them and their fandom.

BTS is a South Korean pop music band, comprising of 7 members(RM, Jin, Suga, JHope, Jimin, V, Jungkook) who started out in 2013, rose to fame in 2016-2017 and have only been getting more famous ever since. BTS formerly stood for ‘BangTan Sonyeondan’ which translates to ‘Bulletproof BoyScouts’, but now( it is a loose acronym . They sing in Korean primarily, with a mix of English and release albums in Japanese too. They sing, dance, rap and have toured the world and broken multiple records not just with respect to K-pop standards but also with “western” music standards. Their fandom is called ARMY, which is an abbreviation for ‘Adorable Representation MC for Youth'(adorable. really?). So basically, Boy Scouts and their loyal ARMY of fans – that was the whole idea.The BTS ARMY really is a force to reckon with, not just in their sheer numbers but also in the way they display their support and loyalty to BTS.

So how did I get into this fandom? Rewind to almost three years ago, I was binging on some usual YouTube stuff when a recommendation popped up on my feed. BTS performing a song called ‘Mic Drop’ on Ellen’s show. I thought to myself, “short video, who are they, cool enough to be on The Ellen Show?!, let’s watch, nothing to lose” and effortlessly clicked on it.

Little did I know what I was signing up for.

Fast-forward to today. I just cleared out this tiny BTS photo shrine on my study shelf. Its been months since their new album released, ‘Map of the soul’ something and I haven’t listened to all the songs of the album. And somewhere, deep down, I feel oddly smug about it.

So it all started with, “Ooo, they can dance so well, that’s some dope synchronization, they can rap and sing those high notes, they got style, wacky clothes, I wonder what their names are?” That’s how I fell into the rabbit hole. I googled their names, their music videos(MVs), understood the translated lyrics and I was liking what I saw.

I guess it quenched this sense of nostalgia of the boy bands of the 90s-00s, like Blue, Westlife, Backstreet Boy’s who would sing and dance and as a little girl, I was all up for that stuff then, and since BTS were almost of my age group(93-97), I found myself moving and singing to their tunes.

It was also the initial phase of BTS that drew me to them. Despite the fact that I got introduced to them in 2017, 4 years after their debut in 2013, the songs that related most to me initially were ones like Run, I need you, Spring Day and Butterfly. The most interesting thing about them is the MVs are interlinked and convey a theory about each of the 7 boys going through some troubling times in their youth and how one of them is trying to save the others by time travel. It has stuff about alternate universes, the butterfly effect and